README.md, before:

![Det-with-bug-bright5crop](https://github.com/RSpinka/RSpinka/blob/main/Det-with-bug-bright5crop.jpg))


# Radek Špinka &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Junior Software Tester



## 👋 About Me

I am a passionate **Junior Software Tester** with experience in **manual testing, bug reporting, test design, and basic automation**. I have a strong understanding of **software development processes**, including Agile methodologies like **Scrum**. My background in translation has sharpened my **attention to detail**, which I now apply to software testing.



📍 Based in the Czech Republic
🌍 Fluent in **German** (C2), **English** (B2), and **French** (A2)

---

## 🚀 My Projects
Check out my repositories where I share my projects:

### [API-testing](https://github.com/RSpinka/API-testing) 

- Presentation of my API testing project (CRUD on free API with Tests) in Postman

--- 

## 🔧 Technical Skills
### 💻 Testing / QA & Databases

✔ **Manual Testing** (Web & API)

✔ **Bug Reporting & Test Case Design** 

✔ **Regression & Exploratory Testing**

✔ **REST & SOAP API Testing** (XML/JSON)

✔ Understanding of **HTTP Methods & Status Codes**

✔ Basic Test Automation

✔ **SQL** (Oracle, MSSQL, Azure Database)

✔ Basic Web Development - **HTML, CSS, JavaScript**

✔ Version Control (Git, GitHub)


### 🛠 Tools

✔ **POSTMAN, SoapUI** (creating tests, basic automation)

✔ **JIRA**, YouTrack, ClickUp

✔ **Git**

---

## 📌 Experience
### 🔹 Tester | JakyBylPohovor.cz (02/2025)
Testing of new version of the web application, bug reporting in YouTrack.

### 🔹 Tester | ModernTV (10/2024 - 12/2024)
Testing of a web application for an internet television service.

Bug reporting in JIRA.

Designing of regression tests in Tricentis Test Management.


### 🔹 Tester | Lucky Absolventi (09/2024 - Present)

Reviewing and testing web application specifications.

---

## 📚 Certifications & Training

✅ Complete Training for Testers (LucieTvrdikova.cz, 03/2024)

Topics: Test principles, Test Cases, Bug Reports, Scrum & Agile, SQL, REST & SOAP API testing, XML & JSON, Automation basics

---

## 📬 Let's Connect
🔗 LinkedIn: [https://linkedin.com/in/spinka-radek](https://linkedin.com/in/spinka-radek)

📧 Email: rspinka@volny.cz

Commit message:

Update README.md - SQL project added

README.md, after:

![Det-with-bug-bright5crop](https://github.com/RSpinka/RSpinka/blob/main/Det-with-bug-bright5crop.jpg))


# Radek Špinka &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Junior Software Tester



## 👋 About Me

I am a passionate **Junior Software Tester** with experience in **manual testing, bug reporting, test design, and basic automation**. I have a strong understanding of **software development processes**, including Agile methodologies like **Scrum**. My background in translation has sharpened my **attention to detail**, which I now apply to software testing.



📍 Based in the Czech Republic
🌍 Fluent in **German** (C2), **English** (B2), and **French** (A2)

---

## 🚀 My Projects
Check out my repositories where I share my projects:

### [API-testing](https://github.com/RSpinka/API-testing) 

- Presentation of my API testing project (CRUD on free API with Tests) in Postman

### [SQL-Project](https://github.com/RSpinka/SQL) 

- Presentation of my SQL project (creating & updating tables, inserting data and queries

--- 

## 🔧 Technical Skills
### 💻 Testing / QA & Databases

✔ **Manual Testing** (Web & API)

✔ **Bug Reporting & Test Case Design** 

✔ **Regression & Exploratory Testing**

✔ **REST & SOAP API Testing** (XML/JSON)

✔ Understanding of **HTTP Methods & Status Codes**

✔ Basic Test Automation

✔ **SQL** (Oracle, MSSQL, Azure Database)

✔ Basic Web Development - **HTML, CSS, JavaScript**

✔ Version Control (Git, GitHub)


### 🛠 Tools

✔ **POSTMAN, SoapUI** (creating tests, basic automation)

✔ **JIRA**, YouTrack, ClickUp

✔ **Git**

---

## 📌 Experience
### 🔹 Tester | JakyBylPohovor.cz (02/2025)
Testing of new version of the web application, bug reporting in YouTrack.

### 🔹 Tester | ModernTV (10/2024 - 12/2024)
Testing of a web application for an internet television service.

Bug reporting in JIRA.

Designing of regression tests in Tricentis Test Management.


### 🔹 Tester | Lucky Absolventi (09/2024 - Present)

Reviewing and testing web application specifications.

---

## 📚 Certifications & Training

✅ Complete Training for Testers (LucieTvrdikova.cz, 03/2024)

Topics: Test principles, Test Cases, Bug Reports, Scrum & Agile, SQL, REST & SOAP API testing, XML & JSON, Automation basics

---

## 📬 Let's Connect
🔗 LinkedIn: [https://linkedin.com/in/spinka-radek](https://linkedin.com/in/spinka-radek)

📧 Email: rspinka@volny.cz
